Used Car Prices in Today’s Market
================

## Introduction

Have you ever thought about car prices in today’s market? Or noticed a
trend between a car brand and it’s usual price? Or if maybe color plays
a factor? Or the mileage on it? We have! Well, we are really interested
in learning more about car sales and see if we can predict prices for
our own personal gain as a few of us on the team are going to be
purchasing a car within the next few months! We thought it would be
great to look into this data when we found it! In this study, we will be
looking at the `Used Cars Dataset` found in Kaggle.

This data set contains information about used cars for sale on
Craigslist in the United States. The data was compiled by Austin Reese
and he scraped the data from the Craigslist site using Flask and some
Python scripts (all of the code is available on his GitHub repo linked
below). It seems that he has picked this up as a side project to look
into so he updates the data set every few months, but he set up his
scraper to be used at any time if one wanted to pull the latest cars in
the market. His process to collect the data is to filter by used cars
for sale in the United States and then by city, price, manufacturer, and
odometer. A total of `26` variables were included in this data set and
we selected only `13` of these variables for our study. Our response
variable will be price, and the predictors will be condition, cylinders,
drive, fuel, manufacturer, paint color, posting date, state,
transmission, type, year, and odometer.

Please see `estimators-report.md` for our full report.
